.......................................................................
 argv[1]: disasssembly file;
 argv[2]: arch: SM21|SM35|Maxwell|Kepler|SM52 
opcode changes:  MOV => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => RRO when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => FCHK when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => I2F when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => ISCADD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => ATOM when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => IPA when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV => FMUL32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LD => RRO when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LD => FSET when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LD => ST when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LD => IMAD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LD => FADD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => SEL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => I2F when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => FCHK when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => SHR when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2F => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ST => VMNMX when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ST => RRO when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ST => LD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ST => ISCADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ST => FFMA32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => VADD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => LONGJMP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => RET when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => BRK when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => RAM when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => JMX when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => LOP32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => FADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  EXIT => IMAD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => VADD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => BRX when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => CAL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => JMX when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => GETCRSPTR when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => BRK when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => LOP32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => FADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BRA => IMAD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => B2R when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => CSETP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => PSETP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => VSETP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  NOP => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => P2R when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => R2P when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => DMUL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => LOP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2I => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => ISCADD when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => BFE when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => FLO when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => DMNMX when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => RRO when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD => ISUB when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => ISET when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => ISETP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => SUCLAMP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => PRMT when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => IMAD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => DSET when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ICMP => VMAD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => DMNMX when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => SHL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => DCHK when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => ISCADD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FADD => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => DCHK when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => FMNMX when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => DMNMX when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => FLO when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DADD => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => SHL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => DMNMX when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => FMNMX when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => BFE when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => I2I when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => LD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => IADD when bit [ 51 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => IADD when bit [ 52 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => ISCADD when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => BFE when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => FLO when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => DMNMX when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => RRO when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => VADD4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => VMNMX when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISUB => IADD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => DFMA when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => ICMP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => SUCLAMP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => ISAD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => IMAD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => DSET when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISETP => VMAD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ATOM => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ATOM => BFE when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ATOM => TLD when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ATOM => DSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ATOM => IMUL32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => STL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => SULDGA when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => VILD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => DFMA when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => CSET when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => MUFU when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => NOP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => LEPC when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSETP => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => VADD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => VSET2 when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => PLONGJMP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => PCNT when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => GETLMEMBASE when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => JMP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => IDE when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => LOP32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => FADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SSY => IMAD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => TEXDEPBAR when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => TXD when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => TLD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => PIXLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => IMADSP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => SULDGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDSLK => VMNMX4 when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => TLD when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => LDS when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => CCTLS when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => SUCLAMP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STSCUL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => F2F when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => F2I when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => DMUL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => IMNMX when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SEL => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => SHR when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => FLO when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => BFE when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => FMNMX when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => SEL when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMNMX => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => CSETP when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => B2R when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => PSET when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => VSEL4 when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BAR => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => ISCADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => SHF when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => OUT when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => SUBFM when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => FSETP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => DFMA when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => FFMA when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => VMNMX2 when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFI => VADD2 when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => NOP when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => BAR when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => CSET when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  B2R => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => POPC when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => ISUB when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => IMNMX when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => LOP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => DMUL when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  BFE => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => VADD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => PRET when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => BRA when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => JCAL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => SETCRSPTR when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => RTT when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => LOP32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => FADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CAL => IMAD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => IPA when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => STP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => TXD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => TLD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => CCTLL when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => DMUL when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => IMADSP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MOV32I => SULDGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => I2F when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => DCHK when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHF => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => VADD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => KIL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => EXIT when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => RTT when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => JCAL when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => LOP32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => FADD32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RET => IMAD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => IMUL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => IMNMX when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => ISUB when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => DADD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => F2I when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FLO => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => ICMP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => DFMA when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => SUCLAMP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => SUBFM when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => IMAD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => DSET when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISET => VMAD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP32I => FMUL32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP32I => BPT when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP32I => FFMA32I when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LOP32I => ISCADD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => MOV when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => DMUL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => F2I when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => R2P when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => IADD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  RRO => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => PSET when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => PSETP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => CSETP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => R2B when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MUFU => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => F2I when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => F2F when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => MOV when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => SHF when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => IMUL when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  I2F => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => I2F when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => SEL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => RRO when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => FLO when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  F2I => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => ISCADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => FCMP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => FCCO when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => BFI when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => SUCLAMP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => FFMA when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => VMNMX2 when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSETP => VADD2 when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => LD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => FMNMX when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => DCHK when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => SHL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => SHR when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => VADD4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => VMNMX when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMUL => IADD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => ISCADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => IMADSP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => ICMP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => VMNMX when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMAD => VADD2 when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => IMAD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => DSET when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => FSET when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => DSETP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => VADD4 when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FFMA => VADD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => IADD when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => POPC when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => IMUL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => FADD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => MOV when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISCADD => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => ISCADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => FCCO when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => FCMP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => PRMT when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => SUCLAMP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSETP => FFMA when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => LD when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => FCHK when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => RRO when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => SEL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => I2I when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => BFE when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => VMNMX when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMUL => IADD32I when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DFMA => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DFMA => BFI when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DFMA => IMAD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DFMA => VSHL when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DFMA => VSET2 when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => DMUL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => MOV when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => F2F when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => P2R when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => POPC when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCHK => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD32I => FADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD32I => TEX when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD32I => VADD when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IADD32I => POPC when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => FLO when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => SHR when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => ISCADD when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => DCHK when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => I2F when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  IMUL => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => MEMBAR when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => CCTLL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => TEX when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => TMML when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => SHFL when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => IPA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => FCCO when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDC => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDG => FFMA32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDG => TLD4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDG => IADD32I when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDG => VMNMX when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => LDSLK when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => ATOM when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => TXD when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => STP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => TLD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => AST when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => IMADSP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  TEXDEPBAR => SULDGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => LDS when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => STL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => CCTL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => TLD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => TXD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => ICMP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => LDL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => STS when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => CCTL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => STSCUL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => TXD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => ICMP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  LDS => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => ISCADD32I when bit [ 0 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => SUBFM when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => OUT when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => DSETP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => ICMP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PRMT => FFMA when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => FMUL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => DADD when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => LOP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => IMNMX when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FMNMX => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => FADD when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => LOP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => DADD when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => IADD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => R2P when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DMNMX => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => LDC when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => CCTLS when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => TLD4 when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => ALD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => IPA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => FCCO when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  MEMBAR => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => BFE when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => ISCADD when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => SHR when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => SHL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => FCHK when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  POPC => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => CCTLS when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => LDC when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => AL2P when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => TXD when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => TLD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => MOV32I when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => DSETP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  CCTLL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => MUFU when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => CSET when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => BAR when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => S2R when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  PSET => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => OUT when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => SHF when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => FCMP when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => ISETP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => IMADSP when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => FFMA when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  ISAD => VMAD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSET => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSET => FFMA when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSET => FSET when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSET => SUCLAMP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  DSET => VSET4 when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSET => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSET => DSET when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSET => IMAD when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSET => POPC when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FSET => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => TLD when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => STL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => LDC when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => SUCLAMP when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHFL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => ST when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => IMNMX when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => IMUL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => POPC when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => FMUL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => F2F when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => VSET4 when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => VMNMX4 when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => FSET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  SHR => VABSDIFF when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => LD when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => FSETP when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => DSETP when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => OUT when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => SUCLAMP when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => IMADSP when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => FFMA when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  FCMP => VMAD when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => STS when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => LDL when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => CCTL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => SHFL when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => TMML when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => ISET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STL => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => FFMA32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => STL when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => LDS when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => CCTL when bit [ 56 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => ALD when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => TLD when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => ATOM when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => ISET when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => SUSTGA when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  STS => VMAD when bit [ 63 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => IMAD32I when bit [ 1 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => LEPC when bit [ 54 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => S2R when bit [ 55 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => CSET when bit [ 57 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => VABSDIFF4 when bit [ 58 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => FFMA when bit [ 59 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => IMADSP when bit [ 60 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => VABSDIFF when bit [ 61 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => FSET when bit [ 62 ]is flipped
opcode changes:  VOTE => VSET when bit [ 63 ]is flipped

Done: found out bits represents opcode on Kepler....
Opcodes positons: Set([0, 1, 51, 52, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63])
Then we could enumate in the space....
